All right.
So now we saw how in our last lecture, there was some craziness going on with the, uh, with the question
of the Donald Trump won the 2024 presidential election, it says Kamala Harris has won it, which is
completely wrong.
So what I have tried is like, I'm just trying to create a prompt template here.
So the prompt template is going to actually serve as the question.
Uh, pretty much like this.
Like this is exactly the same kind of prompt template, this chat prompt template I'm passing in here.
I'm asking that you are an expert in math and latest news across the globe.
Uh, and then the user is asking, what is the sum of 22 and five?
And Donald Trump won the presidential election of USA in 2024.
And give me both the answers in JSON format.
So this is the this is the total prompt that I have got over here.
And now I'm going to use this prompt.
I'm going to ask the question to agent.
And we'll see if agent can answer that particular uh, question for me.
Uh I have seen there is some anomaly.
Sometimes it doesn't work really, but we will see if that is the case still.
So I'm going to say uh, result and put it over here.
But this time I'm going to use prompt template instead of the query that I was passing in before, and
now I'm going to execute this particular code.
So we'll see what can happen.
So look at that.
I need to provide two separate response.
One for the math problem and another one for the historical fact.
I will use the tool to first do that, first the question and then Wikipedia for the second look at
that.
It can able to think about this one first like like how the thinking model works.
And then it is going to go with the add number function.
And then it is going to give me the response as seven which is two plus five is seven.
And then it is going to go with the uh, with the Donald Trump question.
And again, unfortunately I don't know why is it always saying it's.
No, because because President Donald Trump is the president of 2025 and he won the election in 2024.
Uh, for some reason, it is not giving me.
That's what I was saying.
It's still going crazy.
Just let's ignore about this question.
Let's ask about what is the, uh, latest movie, uh, of Tom cruise, uh, hitting, uh, theater in
2025, uh, which is Mission Impossible, uh, final recon, I guess.
Uh, so let's see if we get the correct answer there.
So the first answer is correct.
The math problem just amazing.
And Top Gun Maverick.
To be honest, that's not the right one.
We'll see what's going to happen with Wikipedia.
Oh, look at that.
It's still not correct.
For some reason.
It's not bringing me the right answer, even though I'm actually calling the correct tools in here.
Look at that.
This is going to the agent executor.
Uh, it's calling, uh, the chat llama with the add numbers, and it's going to go to the Wikipedia
as well.
I don't know, for some reason it thinks Maverick is the latest movie, uh, of top of the Tom cruise.
Uh, but you got the idea, like, how we can actually call how our agents can actually invoke two tools
while we call that particular when we ask that question.
And we can also see both of them, uh, how many times it's been called.
It is all showing up over here in the agent executor.
In our next lecture, we'll talk about another tools, which is the playwright tool that we can use
with our agent to grab or extract the page from a web page and then give the response to us back.